== Single Sign-On using Devise and Omniauth ==

This project was originally forked from:
joshsoftware/sso-devise-omniauth-provider

as part of a blog post:
http://blog.joshsoftware.com/2010/12/16/multiple-applications-with-devise-omniauth-and-single-sign-on/

The key difference between the original and this fork, is the belief that a user should not have to input anything, 
or set a password when registering or logging in. With this in mind, a hash is created for the password, with
a futher intention of providing an interface for linking more than one sso id with a single user account.

Objectives:

* A single User Manager application (which will authenticate ALL users with different roles)
* Different internal applications which talk to User Manager for authentication
* User should be able to login/sign-up via Social Networks like Facebook and Google.
* Single Sign On between all applications.
* Registration and Authentication should be a one-click process.

== The Custom Provider

This custom provider acts as an omniauth client (to connect to Twitter & Facebook) AND also
acts as a omniauth provider (via auth_controller) to authenticate internal applications.

== Usage

Clone this repository and do a bundle install. NOTE: We are using devise master HEAD
because it has the latest omniauth integration code.

    git clone git://github.com/joshsoftware/sso-devise-omniauth-provider.git
    bundle install
    rake db:create
    rake db:migrate

Create your Twitter App and Facebook App. Create the initializer file with the following omniauth configuration:( eg. I use config/initializers/omniauth.rb )
  
    Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
      provider :facebook, 'facebook-appid', 'facebook-app-secret'
    end

That's it! Your on your way:

    rails server

In your browser, go for it:

    http://localhost:3000

== Contributions

Please feel free to enhance this demo.
For any doubts, please send an email to abe.petrillo@gmail.com
